hey how many of you have a roller folder
bite and as you was riding it you ought
to said need a quick stop and when you
try to stop your brakes your brake lever
was loose and it didn't want to stop
right away and you almost crashed but it
could have been fatal because that's a
serious problem I'm about to show you a
quick way of bleeding your brakes you
can do by yourself using a brake
bleeding kit that I bought the models
own cost about $10 it's pretty simple
first of all you first you wanna open
the reservoir I had it already loose
enough just take that apart put it down
on the ground second you want to remove
this little cover on the little nipple
you want to slightly crack it just a
little bit why you want to slip on this
little tube this tube allows air to
escape without losing fluid and air to
travel back into it
now you just do a pump deliver
as you see fluid is coming out with no
bubbles
once harder the air has came out take
your wrench and tighten it back up put
back on a little cover nice time to
check your fluids okay we're doing
pretty good we have enough fluid I put
this back on there the reservoir
and tight I just showed you a simple way
of bleeding Bert's on the dirt biking
forward